hey széchenyi says said today I'm doing
a tutorial on colored winged eyeliner on
this look right here we've got some
indigo dark blue on our wing and some
bright blue on the inner corners and
it's just super super fun and exciting
and I really love this look and it makes
you look all edgy and creative and and
cool so yeah if you want to know how to
get this colored winged eyeliner look
then stay tuned all right the first
thing I'll be doing is applying a topi
shape to my crease to give my ice more
definition and just with a big fluffy
brush start applying this to your crease
now what's a nice highlighting shade i'm
going to highlight my brow bone and
inner corners of my eyes on my eyelids
I'm now applying a beautiful champagne
II gold pigment and this to give the lid
some Sparkle for the lower lash line I'm
again taking the topi color that we
apply to the crease also and I'm going
to apply it right to the roots of my
lower lashes right here and it can make
it quite thick and smokey if you like I
like that so I'm going to do that for
the actual eyeliner I'm actually going
to use I shadows and I'm going to wet
them with a little bit of mixing medium
and I'm going to use this insane bride
indigo blue color right here anyone to
aim this line to the end of your
eyebrows then from that outer point drag
it back on to the lash line then go
ahead and fill that in with that same
color and then all you want to do to
finish off this eyeliner is a drag it
towards the middle of your lid and that
way you have a really nice pop of blue
would you still have your lid showing
which will make your eyes look way
bigger okay then for our second color
which is going right here on the inner
tear duct area and I'm going to take a
little bit of a mint toner bride
blue it's a little bit lighter and vivid
than this color right here so you want
to look up and from your inner corner
drag a little line out from that line go
back into the lash line and then fill in
and that's it now all you want to do is
apply a little bit of mascara and false
lashes and then you're done and that
fashionistas concludes this colored
winged liner tutorial I hope you enjoyed
and hopefully I will see you guys on the
next one bye